Question 1 -

A stream is a way to collect data in smaller pieces so you don't have to remember it all at once. This can help to save memory on your computer. Streams are very useful when it's not known how much data will be flowing in during processing. This can help to keep things running smoothly. A pipe can be used as an analogy to represent a stream. For example, a pipe is a long, thin tube that carries water or gas. When you turn the tap on the pipe, water or gas flows through the pipe and into your house.

The observer pattern is a way to create steam from a technical perspective. An observer is a tool that helps us get data from a stream. It means that the message will not be sent right away. It may take a while for the message to reach the other person. When something happens (such as someone getting hurt), an observer is notified so it can start collecting new data. This data is then used to figure out what happened and how to prevent it from happening again.
A stream is a type of data structure that is useful for taking pieces of data, such as events, user inputs, arrays, or any other type of data structure. A rich web is when a website has a lot of data, so the website can use the data to show you things like pictures and videos. These are tools that help us get a lot of data from the API quickly, so we can show you lots of information on the website. In order to do things asynchronously in the browser, we need to use a technique called "non-blocking." This means that the browser won't stop working while we're waiting for something to happen. When we make a promise, we might not be able to keep it, because we might not be able to get to the computer right away. But with streams, we can always keep our promise, because we can always send the information we need to the computer right away.

Question 2 -

To use the Rich web app's API, you would create observers for all the data you need to return to your application. The computer looks for data that is similar to what you have typed in. I would add people who use the API to the program where the data from the observers will be consumed so that I can get information from the observers into the web app.
Using a stream can help you process large amounts of data in real-time, instead of having to process it through multiple sources. This will help to keep the state of the data consistent across different subscribers so that they all receive notifications whenever changes occur. This makes your code easier to manage and scale. If you use streams, you may have to write more complex code when it's not necessary.

Question 3 -

If you run a lot of tasks that are not coordinated with each other, you could run into problems. There would be a problem with communication between different parts of the system because the different parts are using different parts of the global state. By using the async await keyword, you can make sure that your async functions wait for other tasks to finish before proceeding. This will help to keep your code more organized and prevent any potential conflicts. There needs to be a way to make sure that tasks don't overwrite the global state in a way that could cause a race problem.
